feat(changelog): webhosting-added-all-regions-are-now-available 2024-04-04 (#3021)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2024/2024-04-04-webhosting-added-all-regions-are-now-available.mdx

---
title: All regions are now available
status: added
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #webhosting channel on Slack.'
```

    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-04-04
category: managed-services
product: webhosting
---

All 3 regions are now available for Web Hosting !

>  You can order your hosting in Paris, Amsterdam or Warsaw.

Reviewer: Our Web Hosting services are now accessible in all three regions: Paris, Amsterdam, and Warsaw. 

Whether you are seeking reliability, speed, or localized service, you can now order your hosting from the location that best suits your needs.

> All 3 regions are now available for Web Hosting !
>  You can order your hosting in Paris, Amsterdam or Warsaw.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Web Hosting services are now accessible in all three regions: Paris, Amsterdam, and Warsaw. 

Whether you are seeking reliability, speed, or localized service, you can now order your hosting from the location that best suits your needs.
```
